RESIDENTIAL LEASE AGREEMENT

This Lease Agreement ("Agreement") is made and entered into as of January 1, 2024, by and between John Landlord ("Landlord") and Jane Tenant ("Tenant").

1. PREMISES
Landlord hereby leases to Tenant the residential property located at 123 Main Street, Anytown, USA.

2. TERM
The initial term of this lease shall be for twelve (12) months, commencing on January 1, 2024 and ending on December 31, 2024. This lease shall automatically renew for successive one-year terms unless either party provides written notice of non-renewal at least sixty (60) days prior to the end of the then-current term.

3. RENT
Tenant shall pay Landlord monthly rent of $1,500.00, payable in advance on the first day of each month. Rent shall be considered late if not received by the fifth day of the month, at which time a late fee of $50.00 shall be assessed.

4. SECURITY DEPOSIT
Tenant shall deposit with Landlord the sum of $1,500.00 as security for the faithful performance of Tenant's obligations under this lease. The security deposit shall be returned to Tenant within thirty (30) days after termination of this lease, less any deductions for damages beyond normal wear and tear.

5. MAINTENANCE AND REPAIRS
Tenant shall keep the premises in good condition and shall be responsible for all repairs resulting from Tenant's negligence or misuse. Landlord shall be responsible for structural repairs and maintenance of major systems.

6. ENTRY RIGHTS
Landlord or Landlord's agents shall have the right to enter the premises at reasonable times upon twenty-four (24) hours notice to Tenant for the purpose of inspection, repairs, or showing the property to prospective tenants or buyers.

7. TERMINATION
Either party may terminate this lease for any reason upon providing sixty (60) days written notice to the other party. In the event of early termination by Tenant, Tenant shall be responsible for rent through the end of the notice period or until the premises are re-rented, whichever occurs first.

8. GOVERNING LAW
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California.

9. ENTIRE AGREEMENT
This document constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior discussions, negotiations, and agreements.